pixel Sabina as Lady Sabina "Now, is there anything else you'd like to talk about?"

choice in -1
{
	- La Liryo
		pixel Sabina as Lady Sabina "I heard from the Order of La Liryo."

		pixel Ahlai as <playerName> "Oh? What did they say?"

		pixel Sabina as Lady Sabina "We have our work cut out for us."

		pixel Sabina as Lady Sabina "There have been rumours of different unfortunate incidents happening all over Seiysla. People need potions now more than ever."

		pixel Sabina as Lady Sabina "I am putting my faith in you to deliver."

		pixel Sabina as Lady Sabina "But that is also why I wanted to make sure you're okay..."

		pixel Sabina as Lady Sabina "If you really need to, just say the word and I'll let you rest."

		pixel Sabina as Lady Sabina "I just don't want you to be burdened by tasks from the Order."

		pixel Ahlai as <playerName> "Thank you, Lady Sabina."

		pixel Ahlai as <playerName> "Your compassion is a gift I will appreciate."

		pixel Sabina as Lady Sabina "You better. I worry about you, you know."

		pixel Sabina as Lady Sabina "Waking up sweating and murmuring in your sleep... It's disgusting and terrifying."

		pixel Ahlai as <playerName> "Sorry, Lady Sabina."

		pixel Sabina as Lady Sabina "You are better off apologizing by getting yourself some sleep."

		pixel Sabina as Lady Sabina "And while you're here, fix your clothes."

		pixel Sabina as Lady Sabina "Oh, and your hair. That just won't do, you look like you just woke up."

		pixel Sabina as Lady Sabina "Let me fix it for you."

		pixel Ahlai as <playerName> "Yes, ma'am..."

		Load("Main 3 - Sabina Repeating Dialogue")

	- Today's business
		pixel Ahlai as <playerName> "The shop is full today."

		pixel Sabina as Lady Sabina "Indeed."

		pixel Sabina as Lady Sabina "Kuchai Town is lively today."

		pixel Sabina as Lady Sabina "We have some regulars, but some of them might be affected by whatever strange occurrence is happening around town."

		pixel Sabina as Lady Sabina "Do find time to talk to them and help them. I taught you how to make potions for a reason."

		pixel Sabina as Lady Sabina "And reviews have praised my shop for its incredible customer service. I'd like to maintain that quality."

		pixel Ahlai as <playerName> "Yes, Lady Sabina."

		Load("Main 3 - Sabina Repeating Dialogue")

	- Seiji
		pixel Sabina as Lady Sabina "Seiji has been handling the counter since this morning."

		pixel Sabina as Lady Sabina "He's been working nonstop since we opened today. What a hard worker."

		pixel Sabina as Lady Sabina "You know, he didn't hesitate to volunteer doing all the work today if you were going to call in sick."

		pixel Ahlai as <playerName> "Really?"

		pixel Sabina as Lady Sabina "The things that man does for you..."

		pixel Sabina as Lady Sabina "It's best you thank him!"

		pixel Sabina as Lady Sabina "How about you take him out to dinner sometime?"

		pixel Ahlai as <playerName> "D-Dinner?"

		pixel Sabina as Lady Sabina "Well, he just likes his food. Whatever makes the man happy. Just do it!"

		Load("Main 3 - Sabina Repeating Dialogue")
		
	- That's all
		pixel Sabina as Lady Sabina "Alright, I won't keep you any longer. Good luck with your tasks for the day, dear."

		HideTextbox(false)
}